right right away should almost from the seller so first off use most or
all of the the use each the early for remember that your ranking the
AP's need to be up all of the war breaking for some you need to know
your right the percent and given someone in need he doesn't deserve
it thousands do justice to the previous sellers that work for you
because if you you know all right someone artificially high that's
because the people within before you want that person comes up for
the motion this promotion boards will fall out of your average overall
so you have to be very jealous guarding numerical rankings in where
you look people want god absolutely do that also put in there well
the the man woman's performers should be speak for itself so what
the Hart example in there okay first and foremost you know and it may
be cross let's see if we leave it lots of one number one is still
forwarded a legion of merit for his hello last four okay ordered a life
saving metal because the seller went out and see a person's job
rebels on a lot of that you know any any wards needs to be mentioned
up top all up top right away and then the stating that you know all
about you would welcome this person back to your wardrobe at any time
sends the message sends the message that it's not three forty that
you would serve with this our again that that is a good message so
said fill out the rest of the block forty one helps you know they'll
walk to comment on the person and it's saying that recommend the war
Siemens aval program this this person in visions have soleil's represents
everything that apple yes that was the issue with our mobile
this person should get more education than war we should three to
help lead our nation and our fleet into the next generation of war fighters
so there are ways to say it to document right well start with
you know and safely over small you know ten thousand steaming hours
without incident transfer to million barrels of fuel on their way
from external ship building from the supply ships the replenishment
ships and in internally transfer you know another million gallons as
we safely steam for a year on their way okay that's incredible number
of people want to see big numbers like that they had was the landing
LSE leading safety was the one who says the evaluator to for you
know two hundred safe landing what I want that person when they will
not come with that so first and foremost five points that the person's
phone and if the person is both walk on water I mean it really
is a far as you know there's a lot more I'm just saying that a person
is that important he or she should be able to give you some up for
ten minutes hello all right both it right it's only you can write the
film wrapped what we mean that if I need supports to help differentiate
your